[stomping]
[intro song plays]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
COPY MACHINE
[Bibilian] It's finally here.
[giggles]
Galactic mail order?
Big Brother, you know we're broke!
What did you buy?
It's the Copies-Anything-Machine!
"Copies anything"?
With this, I can make
as many adorable giant isopods as I want.
Whoa! That's amazing!
By the way,
where'd this giant isopod come from?
It's a stray.
Big Brother! Stop bringing home
everything you find!
But it's so cute.
I'll call my giant isopod Poddy for short.
Go put it back where you found it!
Giant isopods
are popular among the humans.
-What?
-Look.
"Giant isopods are extremely popular
at deep sea creature exhibits.
Beloved for being so ugly
that they're cute,
their plushies and other merchandise
fly off the shelves."
I'm sorry, Poddy.
It's time to say goodbye.
Hold on!
If we copy these giant isopods
like crazy and sell them,
we'll make enough money to conquer Earth!
[cackles]
Lemon?
Big Brother!
You don't have to get rid
of the giant isopods,
but go get stuff
that's rarer and more valuable.
Hooray!
Drop, copy these giant isopods like crazy.
I'm super busy because volume 100
of this comic comes out tomorrow.
-I need to reread volumes 1 to 99 before--
-[grunts]
-[groans]
-I'm on it.
[Lemon] I'll secure a sales channel
for the giant isopods.
Online is probably best.
[machine beeping]
This is such a drag.
I know!
If I do this...
They'll multiply on their own!
I'm so smart!
Now I can read my comic books.
[humming]
♪ Earth invasion, here we come ♪
♪ Earth invasion ♪
[Lemon hums happily]
Oh, that was great.
I wonder how many giant isopods
there are now. [gasps]
-Invasion! Invasion!
-[Drop] What happened?
-[chanting]
-[shouts in surprise]
What's going on?
What are we going to do?
The copy machine
made a ton of Lemon copies!
Why didn't I think of that?
I can use this to make more Naokos.
I'm coming, Naoko!
[humming]
[machine beeps]
Yay! Hello, my darling Naoko.
Stay away from me.
I made you, so you're my Naoko.
[gags]
That very thought is disgusting.
I'm my own person.
I don't belong to anyone.
So you won't be my girlfriend?
Of course not.
I've been rejected.
[machine beeps]
[cheers]
I was rejected by that Naoko,
but maybe this next one won't reject me.
[humming]
Ms. Naoko Watanabe.
What?
Please stop racing around the school yard
doing the crab walk.
Huh? When did I ever do that?
The sports teams have complained to me
that you're disrupting their practices!
The school
is not your personal playground.
What was that about?
Naoko!
Please do that gorilla imitation again.
Gorilla imitation?
It was awesome!
Just like a real gorilla!
Wait, what? What are you talking about?
[breathlessly] Naoko,
are you all right?
I mean, you suddenly blurted out,
"I am all powerful!"
Huh?
I was worried someone tricked you
into joining a cult or something.
Ms. Naoko Watanabe!
I thought I told you not to do
the crab walk in the school yard!
Hold on a second.
[shouts in shock]
[Kana] Look at all those Naokos!
[grunting like a gorilla]
I am all powerful!
Crab, crab...
[gabbing loudly]
[howls]
[shouting loudly]
What is happening?
Look! They're coming from over there!
Please go out with me!
Nuh-uh, nope!
Rejected again.
Okay, next Naoko.
[machine beeps]
[gasps] Bibilian!
Naoko!
What are you doing?
I'm making copies of you.
Please go out with me.
No way!
I'll keep trying until there's a Naoko
who won't reject me.
I won't ever give up!
Stop it!
[machine beeps]
-Naoko!
-N-Naoko, I am.
She seems different.
Maybe because he keeps making copies
of copies, they're degrading in quality.
"Degrading"?
Yes, like the telephone game.
The last person ends up saying something
completely different from the first one.
-Is that so?
-Probably.
Naoko is still Naoko.
Please go out with me.
C-Cannot.
How is she like me at all? [gasps]
[Naoko] Oh no!
[Fake Naoko] Cwoquettes, yay!
Naoko?
MATSUI MEAT SHOP
How embarrassing.
-[Bibilian] I'm just making Naoko copies.
-[Kana] Enough! You can't do that...
[shouting]
Big Brother! Lemon is out of control!
[chanting]
The time to conquer Earth has come!
I'm done trying to gather money.
It's too much trouble.
We'll take the planet by force!
Lemon Legion, prepare to attack!
Launch the giant isopods!
[screaming in terror]
Put me down this instant!
What is going on?
[gasps in surprise]
[growls]
How can you use such cute creepy crawlies
as weapons? You won't get away with this!
[roars]
-[mob screaming]
-[roaring]
[mob screaming]
Lemon and Gauko are waging an epic battle!
Do something, Big Brother.
How do we get rid of the copies?
Just press the cancel button,
-and they'll all disappear.
-What?
Not so fast.
I don't want to lose all those Naokos
that I worked so hard to make.
That's not what's important right now!
But...
Big Brother!
Fine. I'll get rid of the copies.
-[mob shouting]
-[roaring]
[grunting]
I am all--
Crab, crab--
[sighs]
That should do it.
Huh?
Where'd everybody go?
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪